ah
curing loves
healing heart
Welcome to healing love is your
program where we answer your questions
about love in order to improve their
relationship my name is lavarte make me
I am a psychotherapist and a counselor
marriage and in this program we are going
to answer the question to andy that we
write I want to know if a young person is
can fall in love with a bigger woman
since he says it's love
andy I think it's the answer is yes
yes it is possible that a young man
fall in love with a bigger woman and you
I will say that there are many women who
they write with young couples and what
all they have in common is that there is a
insecurity for ages that I think that
it is normal the most common concern is
that the woman will grow older
soon that the man and that after the
are going to change
I will tell you that in many cases it is also
more the insecurity of one that really
the man is going to want to get out of
the relationship depends on case in case
clear but I think the most important thing is
that you identify what those are
qualities that you look for in your partner and
ask yourself if this guy has them for
example if this man is honest and
worker and that is important to you
well I do not see any problem because
will not try something opposite to you for you
It is very important that your partner is
your same age or that is bigger
Well maybe this guy not this
boy does not suit you and well I think it's
important that you will not leave it to the
delay for you to make a decision
if this is a good opportunity for you
not good to answer their own
Questions can make it through
healing mores dotcom and as always
I send you a hug with my heart
whole
until next time
not to die
curing love is the first program of
Internet radio dedicated to love
Rob Arteaga is a psychotherapist who
works with couples who have lost
hope and now it brings you this new
show where you can ask questions and
listen to love experts to improve
your relationship download it on iTunes or
listen to it on your tablet phone or
computer by healing loves puntocom
and cure